book: update concepts section (#331)
KDAB/cxx-qt: book/src/concepts/qt.md

# Qt

> The main purpose of CXX-Qt is to provide the ability to expression the extensions of the C++ language that Qt uses to CXX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main purpose of CXX-Qt is to expose Qt's extensions to the C++ language to CXX.
```

Author: Done
